This is after the signing ceremony.
I gave it to Amy.
Why? Because
Amy's man is Chen Sheng, not like this
It's Amy
He is going to marry his boyfriend
So
Looking for an engagement gift?
Just want to refer to the style of our bracelet.
Oh, really?
Wife really
You are the only woman I love
Chen Shixian, you are full of lies
Wife
It's my fault.
I didn't discuss it with you in advance.
Sister, he is lying to you.
younger sister
I believe in the world
Wife
Then let's go home first.
younger sister
This thing
I'll definitely find out
We'll go first
elder sister
How can I save you?
boss
Your sister has been blinded by love
I'm afraid so.
My sister is now my only relative
I can't just sit back and watch
Chen Shixian
I must lift the mask of your hypocrisy